{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww15600\viewh19600\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Enabling basic ethernet in MacAranym\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802

\b0 \cf0 \
If MacAranym was compiled using the option 
\f1 --enable-bpf-ethernet
\f0 , it uses the Mac OS X built-in Berkley Packet Filter to enable ethernet access from within the emulated environment. Therefore you won't need to install any other additional drivers for using ethernet in MacAranym. \
\
When starting MacAranym with configured ethernet support (i.e. ethernet type 
\f1 bridge
\f0 ), a helper tool called "bpf_helper" is started to open a /dev/bpf* device which then gives access to the network layer. \
To do this, the tool requires root privileges and therefore will ask you for an administrator password when it is run for the first time.\
\
The current implementation has the following limitations:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}No 
\f1 tunnel
\f0  mode (=only 
\f1 bridge
\f0  mode) is supported. I.e. MacAranym is directly connected to the same network of your host.\
{\listtext	\'95	}All packets sent by MacAranym have the same MAC address as the hosts underlying network card, even though something different is configured.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802
\cf0 \
To enable ethernet, you'll have modify the config file as follows:\
\pard\tx460\tx460\pardeftab720\li800\fi-240

\f1 \cf0 [ETH0]\
Type = 
\f2\b bridge
\f1\b0 \
Tunnel = en1\
HostIP = 192.168.0.1\
AtariIP = 192.168.0.40\
MAC = 00:41:45:54:48:30\
\pard\tx1040\pardeftab720\fi560

\f3\fs26 \cf0 		\

\f1\fs24 Type\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1320\fi-183

\f0 \cf0 Use 
\f1 bridge
\f0  to enable ethernet (any other value will disable Ethernet!). By default this mode will enable the MAC address based packet filter.\
Add the keyword 
\f1 debug
\f0  to enable debugging. Start MacAranym from within the Terminal application to see packets sent/received.\
Add the keyword 
\f1 nofilter
\f0  to disable the built-in filter completely. This is for assistance during debugging.  It is not recommended to keep this mode enabled as this results in memory leakage under MiNT.\
Add the keyword 
\f1 mcast
\f0  to enable multi-cast MAC filtering. This mode will pass multi-cast packets to the Atari side.\
Add the keyword 
\f1 ip
\f0  to enable IP based filtering. This mode will pass ARP and IP packets to the Atari side. \
\
The keywords 
\f1 nofilter
\f0 , 
\f1 mcast
\f0  and 
\f1 ip
\f0  are all affecting the packet filtering method and therefore cannot be combined.\
\pard\tx1040\pardeftab720\fi560
\cf0 \

\f1 Tunnel\

\f0 	Connected network device of your Mac: en0 for Ethernet/wired connection, en1 for Wireless/AirPort connection\

\f1 HostIP\

\f0 	Router giving access to the internet. Check your network settings if you are not sure.\

\f1 AtariIP\

\f0 	An unused IP address which can be used by MacAranym for sending/receiving IP packets.\

\f1 MAC\

\f0 	MAC address used for by MacAranym when sending packets.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802

\f0 \cf0 If you don't have a working and up-to-date Atari/ARAnyM setup yet, then go download {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aranym.github.io/afros.html"}}{\fldrslt AFROS}} now. It will let you boot directly to the desktop. With a slight modification of the ethernet configuration (=set your DNS server in 
\f1 /etc/resolv.conf
\f0 ), you are quickly up and running and able to browse the internet with Highwire!\
\
Enjoy!\
\
Philipp\
}
