.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ARANYM 1 "January 29, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ARAnyM \- Atari Running on Any Machine
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aranym
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
The main goal of the \fBARAnyM\fP project is to create a virtual machine that would allow everyone to install, use and improve Atari ST/TT/Falcon/clones operating systems and their applications.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For more information see project documentation.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-floppy NAME
floppy image file NAME
.TP
.B \-N, \-\-nomouse
don't grab mouse at startup
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-fullscreen
start in fullscreen
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-refresh <X>
VIDEL refresh rate in VBL (default 2)
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-resolution <X>
boot in X color depth [1,2,4,8,16]
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-monitor <X>
attached monitor: 0 = VGA, 1 = TV
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-disk CHAR:ROOTPATH
METADOS filesystem assignment e.g. d:/atari/d_drive
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-config FILE
read different configuration file
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-save
save configuration file
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
display this help and exit
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
output version information and exit
.TP
.B \-F, \-\-fastram SIZE
FastRAM size (in MB)
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-debug
start debugger (if compiled in)
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-emutos
prefer EmuTOS for booting (normally prefers TOS)
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-lilo
boot linux kernel directly
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-swap-ide
swap IDE drives for this session
.TP
.B \-G, \-\-gui
open up SETUP GUI at ARAnyM startup
.TP
.B \-P <X,Y>
position ARAnyM window on screen (enter coordinates for upper left corner)
.TP
.B \-k <CC>
pre-set selected keyboard layout and system language into NVRAM (CC is ISO country code)
.TP
.B \-H, \-\-halt
halt ARAnyM when linux-m68k guest system tries to reboot
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR /usr/share/doc/aranym
.br
Directory with further reading.

.br
.BR /usr/share/aranym
.br
Directory with some useful tools and utilities.

.br
.BR https://aranym.github.io/
.br
Project web page.
.SH NOTE
.br
For proper use of this package you will need image of Atari Falcon TOS ROM
image file or you can use open source ROM image from EmuTOS project 
at http://emutos.sf.net
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Antonin Kral <A.Kral@sh.cvut.cz>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
